#summary user manual of the booking system
= Overview =

Think of your world as objects with properties, and these objects can contain other objects (did you get that?). The host info section of the site contains owners - owners have properties (like surname and first names) and they can contain objects (like phone numbers, email addresses and venues). Similarly, a venue has properties (like name and class) and it can contain objects (like address and bedrooms).

On the site, objects are presented in a standard format to enable you to:
* list all objects of a certain type
* add an object and its properties
* edit an object's properties
* delete an object, it's properties and all it's children
* view an object's properties and all object's contained in it.

Confused? Let's take a look at the site.

Click here, sign in and click on Manage Hosts on the left hand side. If you don't see the Owners Listing page, call me!

All pages are very similar to the Owners Listing page. To add a new owner and it's properties, click on the green '+' icon. To edit the properties of an existing owner click on the appropriate 'paper and pen' icon in the table. To delete an owner and all its properties and contained objects, click on the red '-' icon (beware, there is no 'Are you sure question?' yet). And lastly, to 'View' the owner's properties and all it's contained objects, click on the Reference link in the table (the first column).

Click on the Owner page (if you clicked on the reference link). You can see the owner's properties and all the objects contained in it. If you click on the name of the venues in the Venues listing at the bottom of the page you will go to the Venue page, where you can get to the bedroom page.